Remove embedded ldap related content (#3264)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/deploy/work-with-properties-of-user-stores.md

<tr class="even">
<td><code>             Connection<br>URL            </code></td>
<td><code>             connection<br>_url           </code></td>

> <td><p>This is the connection URL to the userstore server.</p></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td><p>This is the connection URL to the user store server.</p></td>
```
